revolverlab.com with an eye on technology
hello my name is ivan guchkov you
You know, growing a beard is much easier.
than follow the news although we are in
Revolver Lab successfully do and that and
another example here, I watch the news and
some people
grows a beard especially for you
digest of the most interesting news site
last week's revolverlab.com for
us 2014 is exactly the same as for you
will begin with the consumer exhibition
electronics in las vegas ces 2014 nothing
revolutionary was not represented all
device and service this is a logical
development of companies participating in this exhibition
but this does not mean that we have nothing to do with you
tell opposite the trend of this exhibition
smart devices for people who
watching their lifestyle sports
bracelets smartwatch glasses 4k tv
game consoles in general, everything is in order
turn on went elji mass
translates smart tvs into a battle with lg
electronics acquired the rights to this
operating system on a linux kernel from
hewlett-packard
all acquired it with all
assets of the american palm just so in
its out of the way from smartphones
tablets and printers yes smart tv from lg
the main advantages of televisions
gin vbs are beautiful comfortable
interface and multitasking now
TV does not dominate essentially this one
from applications
between which you can easily
switch whether viewing favorite
show
game or social networking
good news was presented by the company
sony for all gamers now play in
games with playstation 3 will be on
your televisions smartphones and
tablets and not yet the sony service
playstation cash journalists already baptized
youtube for gamers games not
installed on your device and
are performed on the server side of the company
you will enjoy the game
process because the picture quality will be
depend only on the transmission rate
data
responsiveness control convenience from
Internet connection speeds
service users will have access to
catalog
sony playstation 3 games for this
need to be owners of playstation 4 ps
vita
or tv sony bravia
and live in usa sony playstation all worth
affordable for american players in summer
this year we wish the people of Ukraine
patience and we hope that the service all the same
will appear and we recall that idea
games in the cloud is not a new large number of
writing games have long been available
onlive cloud service users
client can be any computer
tablet or smartphone steam machines it
look at the future
gaming industry blade no clouds
base-based stimulus operating system
debian gnu linux is a powerful iron from intel
and nvidia or md
directory access steam and steam controller
in set
wear there 2014 was presented 13
consoles from different manufacturers
including or January whose value
swims from 500 to six thousand dollars
each device is the most powerful pis
linux compact package and although shaft
emphasizes that steam machines are
device for living room
we are unfamiliar by force that will forbid
use these powerful personals also
and as workstations sports
gadgets
trend of the season nikita how many laps and you
met another fifty three drove
Aljay life bold touch and elji hard raid
iphones is a fitness bracelet and headphones with
pulse measures both gadgets can
communicate with each other and with
smartphones wireless rape
an ecosystem designed to help
user to carefully monitor their
physical condition and jihad rate of
he analyzes the blood flow of the auricle
to control pulse and level
maximum aerobic capacity angel of
montage is equipped with an oled display for
biometric time display
data information on incoming calls and
control player smartphone and here
Sonin's careful step of the tilled field
healthy lifestyle users
electronics special
waterproof sensor core which
inserted into a stylish smart bracelet
band bracelet with sensor capable
track physical activity
owners and alert vibrations and
light signals of current or
missed events, it can be
also control music playback
on smartphone
the lifelog application will allow
automatic or semi-automatic
mode of activity and events diary
life of the owner of sony smart band began
The first quarter of this year's sales will be
whether the bracelet is sold in Ukraine
traditionally that still questions
it was bearded news site
revolverlab.com note in a week
beard will be even thicker and news more
no longer necessarily skip
read about the 10 most interesting gadgets
shown before ces-2014
if you miss those times when
the phone was a design piece
art they faceless washed com not
miss a great article wheel we
about the renaissance of push-button phones put
likes share this video with friends and
subscribe to the channel